EPIK isn't a word you hear a lot it's
reserved for epic masterpieces
achievements unlikely but wonderful
events NLCS new ship is all three
introducing Norwegian epic the next
generation of freestyle cruising
it began with NLCS innovative freestyle
dining but with low region epic we're
changing the face of cruising again with
a whole new approach to onboard
entertainment you'll find more choices
more places to go more things to do more
places to eat to drink to party II mean
there's more to see than just a 6:30 or
8:30 show there's more of everything on
Norwegian epic especially entertainment
including the kind you've never seen on
cruise ships before starting with the
internationally acclaimed Blue Man Group
headlining every night in the epic
theater yes this is the one you've heard
about that's been wowing audiences and
they're only on NCL Wow so there's real
nightlife at sea on Norwegian epic you
can wander from one world-class act to
another taking in the famous improv of
the second city at headliners or relax
to some live jazz at fat cats the blues
and jazz club and before the show or
after you can even try your luck at
credible new casino hey what if you
mixed entertainment with dining every
night in the Spiegel Tenth Circuit
reasoned dinner will perform their
intoxicating mix of acrobatics singing
comedy and dinner then there's the
Manhattan room with its Art Deco dining
room two stories high and a full-size
dance floor there's dinner and dancing
to live music every night can you please
deja vu proof my vacation you haven't
seen light life like this before the ice
bar one of only 14 in the world a faux
fur coat helps you stay warm in the 17
degrees and the vodka helps to much
hotter is spiced h2o
it's a Latin and Asian flavored beach
club by day at night the pool turns into
a dance floor and on a giant screen a
beautiful sunset projection helps keep
the day going strong there's posh where
South Beach meets the Riviera and The
Epoch Club Lounge the private stylish
Club at the top of the ship I want my
room to be hip and urban but without the
city check out the new studios and
living room complex
it's private access only to these 128
rooms some are connecting rooms but they
all have a modern urban feel mood
lighting a window to the corridor as
well as access to the living room a
private space to spread out watch the
flat screens go Wi-Fi or hit the private
bar I'm
my walls really curving or is it the
champagne in the NuWave staterooms the
walls have a delightful curve and
overhead curved ceilings with recessed
lighting give the open feel of a
skylight on Norwegian epic all the
outside rooms are new wave balcony rooms
maybe between massages I'll get a
massage
check out the spa staterooms totally new
for NCL and as close as it gets to
living in a spa here the spa suite Spa
deluxe balcony and spa balcony
staterooms provide private access to the
Mandara Spa thermal Suites and fitness
center next door
I need place to put my suitcase oh and
also my children set up camp in one of
the new family suites and then take them
to the two-story we wall or the beach
area at the giant new aqua park with its
vortex waterslide epic plunge I don't
suppose you offer a secret paradise oh
you do
welcome to the villas hidden away and
accessible only by private elevator
these deluxe owners Suites courtyard
villas and courtyard pant houses have
their own private pool private Sun decks
private dining private gym and private
bar did we mention it's private
yes I'd like a table for two at whatever
o'clock please then of course there's
NLCS famous freestyle dining where
guests eat whenever wherever and with
whomever they want at any one of 14
different restaurants teppanyaki sushi
Chinese French Italian and the list goes
on may I have seven days of happily ever
after please as you can see Norwegian
epic lives up to its name
launching in summer 2010 she sails
year-round out of Miami on alternating
seven-day Eastern and Western Caribbean
cruises welcome to the next generation
of freestyle cruising